Have you tried Minecraft though? 
I hope Nikita is proud of me
This release provides you 16x time the details according to Todd Howard
Bears are based but cringe, Usecs are cringe but based
69.6969% of the update time were wasted for this specific line you're reading
Still not enough tooltips, added slight chance to get stuck in a toaster
Kept ya waiting, huh? 
You're finally awake, you were trying to play like a chad right?
Chomp goes Caw Caw 
Goose goes Honk Honk 
GhostFenixx goes 'Not again' 
No more KMC ;-;
Hello how's your day? :] 
I hope you have enough RAM to play this 
Wipe at Thursday
Tagilla locked me up in the basement to write mods for Tarkov, send help
If you're reading this you're capable of reading! 
Who wrote this stuff anyway?
Hot single SCAVs in you area! 
These lines are such a waste of space 
I know you are reading this
Do you like hurting other people? 
Don't play Gaijin games such a cash grab, good source of classified data tho
YOU! YES YOU! YOU ARE AWESOME. NOW LIVE WITH THAT! 
Did you wash your dishes?
I actually played tarkov finally 
rat attac
Don't worry, I won't judge your preferences, you're my favorite casual <3
Me (Head-Eyes) You 
HE DID THE WIGGLE! 
Are you sure you enabled sections?
Did you know? If you kill guys with guns there will be no one to kill you!
I swear if I forgot to remove a logger somewhere, i'll choke someone
Go on, tell me you're trying to run EFT with 16GB of ram 
Are you seriously playing SPT by yourself?
No, Putting 16x Scope onto TOZ is not a great idea 
Still can't play streets right? I feel ya
Go on, take SVD into factory, see if I care 
RFB AND VPO FOR THE WIN! 
Makes your experience better since 2021!
Dear diary today I died with LEDX not in the secure container
ALL SCREWS, NO NUTS, WHY? 
One does not simply launch flare properly
Noooo! don't go that corridor, there is a mine in the room! 
No more Autumn in Tarkov
The Holy Fox is gone 
Don't play MMO's, those are unhealthy 
I really hope you do not restart the server to read those
Stay Hydrated 
Still filled with bugs, don't worry
Pls leave a like and subscribe don't forget to click a bell button 
Name of your PMC is disgusting, please revaluate your life choices 
Why do you want to carry 2000 rounds in one slot?
Really? 20x2 cell sized pockets? 
Extremis malis extrema remedia effugere non potes 
You're a PMC Harry! 
Join the Dark side, we have Igolniks
Each new line added in message of the day is increasing the load on your CPU, let that sink in
Totally against Nikita(tm) vision(tm). 
3 HEAVY BLEEDS IN ONE SHOT, THANKS SCAV!
Nice work bitch!
You can never go wrong loading .366 into 7.62x39 chamber
There was a blue sky and bright yellow field but now it is always dark and gray
This mod probably works...Mostly? Hopefully?
I have 59 bazillion mods why X field doesn't work?
What? 
Seriously stop reading this, play the game already >:C
Someday I'll paste whole Bee movie script here
Swedish siesta is fun ngl
Cats are still superior than dogs, CWX.
Someday the war will be over but the world won't be the same...
Do yourself a favor, stop shitposting
Show must go on!
>Are You Happy? >No.  >Why? >I play Escape from Tarkov
Deagle or Rsh12? That's the question.
You know if you won't report issues to GhostFenixx they won't be fixed.
Your AD could be here
А Я і досі у пошуках щастя
Вышел блин за хлебушком
Angel save us!
You, Me, Factory, Full of nades
Damn bruv your profile name is cringe
You're pretty good
ПРОДАМ ГАРАЖ
Fuck you, multitool
Just one more run to labs it will be fine i promise
ERROR: THE USER IS TOO HANDSOME TO PLAY THIS GAME!
Going for the resort for a red card is like a definition of insanity
I hope this app won't end in torrents
Сподіваюсь з тобою все гаразд
[Insert Fun stuff for ADHD kiddos]
Want some game recommendation? Well I've got none otherwise I wouldn't play EFT
Want some music recommendation? Check Solence.
Want some music recommendation? Check Architects.
Want some music recommendation? Check Bad Omens.
Want some music recommendation? Check Geneburn... Nah i'm joking - Check Motionless in White.
Want some music recommendation? Check Imminence.
Want some music recommendation? Check Cantervice.
You better not forget to take splint with you this time
More music? Fine: Saint Asonia, Alesti, Memphis May Fire.
No. these messages are not made by ChatGPT
Want some DnB? Celldweller, Raizer, Blue Stahli
I hate winter
I really ran out of stuff to type here
Denuvo sucks, big corpos never learn
I'll miss Ubisoft
Yes i hate Jaeger quests sometimes as well
Haha your SSD goes BRRRRR
You just lost The Game
Not a fan or orange color really, neither of alternate current
XcQ IYKYK
You cannot Escape From [-REDACTED BY LICENSE VIOLATION-]
Tell Jinn to stop being weird
Dork c:
Still sane, Exile?
All i wanna say is that they don't really care about us.
So where they taking the hobbits?
Only Cultists deal in Silencers.
Remember, don't be greedy.
RESSSURECTION! BY...Wait, i don't think that's appropriate.
Remember kids, there is no Tooth Fairy, no Santa, and most importantly - no Fika Support in SPT Hub
Yes, SVM works with Fika, silly you're asking that.
There is AK50 but no AR .22LR, why live?
POW-POW, FIGHT THE POWAH
Blicky
MAMA, I JUST KILLED A SCAV
